Start git synchronizer tool (#1)
LUMC/git-mirrorer: README.md

# git-synchronizer

Git-synchronizer is an application meant to synchronize git repositories with eachother. It can synchronize the main repository with one or more mirror repositories.

> Git-synchronizer fetches al branches and tags from the main repository and pushes them to the mirror repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git-synchronizer fetches all branches and tags from the main repository and pushes them to the mirror repositories.
```

> Git-synchronizer is optimized to work in a cron job. Main and mirror repo’s are set using a config file. Git-synchronizer supports fetching and pushing multiple repositories at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git-synchronizer is optimized to work in a cron job. Main and mirror repos are set using a config file. Git-synchronizer supports fetching and pushing multiple repositories at once.
```
